README.md, before:

<img width="1280" height="336" alt="ourin_banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ce6aa1f0-ff48-47c8-885b-8d3e21cd311a" />

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d9c3c20-e3fd-47f2-a80e-7bf3889e88a8

### Features

- **Multi-Provider AI** - GPT, Claude, and Gemini models in one interface
- **Themes** - Color and font customization
- **System Prompt Library** - Save and switch between custom "Cores"
- **Web Search** - Web search tool calling support

### Upcoming Features

- Image Gen
- More models
- Semantic Search over full chat contents
- Memories
- Mac app
- Mobile app

## Self-Hosting

### Prerequisites

- [Bun](https://bun.sh/) (v1.1+)
- A [Convex](https://convex.dev/) account (free tier works)
- At least one AI provider API key (Anthropic, OpenAI, or Google)

### Setup

1. **Clone and install dependencies**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ourin-ai/ourin.git
cd ourin
bun install
```

2. **Set up Convex**

```bash
cd web
npx convex dev
```

This will prompt you to log in and create a new Convex project. Keep this terminal running.

3. **Configure environment variables**

Create `web/.env.local`:

```bash
# Convex (auto-generated by `npx convex dev`)
CONVEX_DEPLOYMENT=your-deployment-name
NEXT_PUBLIC_CONVEX_URL=https://your-deployment.convex.cloud

# AI Providers (add at least one)
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=sk-ant-...
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-...
GOOGLE_API_KEY=...

# Security (generate with: openssl rand -base64 32)
CHAT_AUTH_SECRET=your-random-secret-min-32-chars

# Client-side config
NEXT_PUBLIC_SELF_HOSTING=true
```

Set the same `CHAT_AUTH_SECRET` in Convex:

```bash
npx convex env set CHAT_AUTH_SECRET your-random-secret-min-32-chars
```

4. **Start the app**

In a new terminal:

```bash
cd web
bun run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000`

Commit message:

local-only mode on feature roadmap

README.md, after:

<img width="1280" height="336" alt="ourin_banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ce6aa1f0-ff48-47c8-885b-8d3e21cd311a" />

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d9c3c20-e3fd-47f2-a80e-7bf3889e88a8

### Features

- **Multi-Provider AI** - GPT, Claude, and Gemini models in one interface
- **Themes** - Color and font customization
- **System Prompt Library** - Save and switch between custom "Cores"
- **Web Search** - Web search tool calling support

### Upcoming Features

- Image Gen
- More models
- Semantic Search over full chat contents
- Local-Only mode (message content will only ever be saved locally)
- Memories
- Mac app
- Mobile app

## Self-Hosting

### Prerequisites

- [Bun](https://bun.sh/) (v1.1+)
- A [Convex](https://convex.dev/) account (free tier works)
- At least one AI provider API key (Anthropic, OpenAI, or Google)

### Setup

1. **Clone and install dependencies**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ourin-ai/ourin.git
cd ourin
bun install
```

2. **Set up Convex**

```bash
cd web
npx convex dev
```

This will prompt you to log in and create a new Convex project. Keep this terminal running.

3. **Configure environment variables**

Create `web/.env.local`:

```bash
# Convex (auto-generated by `npx convex dev`)
CONVEX_DEPLOYMENT=your-deployment-name
NEXT_PUBLIC_CONVEX_URL=https://your-deployment.convex.cloud

# AI Providers (add at least one)
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=sk-ant-...
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-...
GOOGLE_API_KEY=...

# Security (generate with: openssl rand -base64 32)
CHAT_AUTH_SECRET=your-random-secret-min-32-chars

# Client-side config
NEXT_PUBLIC_SELF_HOSTING=true
```

Set the same `CHAT_AUTH_SECRET` in Convex:

```bash
npx convex env set CHAT_AUTH_SECRET your-random-secret-min-32-chars
```

4. **Start the app**

In a new terminal:

```bash
cd web
bun run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000`
